Updating example in Readme for cases when sudo needs to be used (#13)
calebhailey/sensu-go-remediation-handler: README.md

  subscriptions: []
```

> **NOTE:** Please note that sensu user needs elevated permissions to run commands with sudo, which require root privileges. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Many remediation commands require root privileges. You can provide the `sensu` user with elevated permissions using sudo. Configuring sudo outside the scope of this document. 
```

> As such, sensu user needs to be added to the sudoers file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
